[Autogenerated] welcome to managing and monitoring AWS access.
In this course,
I will provide background knowledge and proper tools to securely
manage and monitor access to AWS resources.
In this course, we will explore AWS I am,
which means Identity and Access Management Service,
which is the main responsible service for providing proper
authentication and authorization tools to the users.
Access in AWS account I am plays a people to rule in AWS Cloud by ensuring
who can access and which actions can do on which resources.
Then we will learn how to live a region.
Clothes Trail to Perform Auditing on AWS Account auditing is the
process of track in activity performed on AWS account.
Finally, I will introduce you to AWS Cognito service,
which embodies a settled tools to perform authentication
and authorization for external users.
This is the scenario off mobile or Web users come from the public
Internet which before landing on AWS resources,
need to be granted the proper privileges before moving to the core
topics off this model I found useful to provide you some general
information about prerequisites to the course tools and softer that
we will use across the course.
I warmly encouraged you to run old Amazon your laptop After having
viewed each model regarding the prerequisites,
I must tell you that this is an intermediate level course.
So I recommend that you have already been exposed to AWS
fundamentals in terms off the main services and the tools to
operate AWS resources mainly the AWS dashboard,
the AWS,
July and AWS a p I Please take note that almost all the embassy
will see can be run on free tire AWS account.
So I will advise you when we exit from the free tire.
Also, I recommend being able to understand what is Jason format,
which we will widely use when dealing with policies.
You should also have a basic understanding off what his
arrest full AP eyes and its main operations.
Being able to understand the basic of Triple A,
which is authentication, authorization and accounting,
is a plus regarding the tools we will make use of the following postman,
which is an open source.
Tools for the design and the test off rest full AP Eyes Party,
which we will use as terminal emulator to run commands against
AWS resources and also if you're familiar with fightin and
javascript this is definitely a plus.
This course is based on real world scenarios and it is designed to create
awareness on the most common problems when managing AWS environment and to
provide a set of tools to resolve them in the old animals.
We will cover the roll off 80 people of global Mantex and we
will have to deal with several problems.
But where do those problems come from?
Well,
this is the story line Global Mantex is a large software house has decided
to move its infrastructure to the aws cloud You as 80 people from Global man
ticks are in charge of managing the new environment and everything starts
with your C i O which creates a brand new AWS account and give you the credential for the AWS root user.